Add copilot instructions and issue template tweaks (#1205)
elastic/terraform-provider-elasticstack: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Identify the root cause of the problem.
- Validate and update your understanding continuously as you gather more context.

## 3. Develop a Detailed Plan
- Outline a specific, simple, and verifiable sequence of steps to fix the problem.
- Break down the fix into small, incremental changes.

## 4. Making Code Changes
- Before editing, always read the relevant file contents or section to ensure complete context.
- If a patch is not applied correctly, attempt to reapply it.
- Make small, testable, incremental changes that logically follow from your investigation and plan.

## 5. Debugging
- Make code changes only if you have high confidence they can solve the problem
- When debugging, try to determine the root cause rather than addressing symptoms
- Debug for as long as needed to identify the root cause and identify a fix
- Use print statements, logs, or temporary code to inspect program state, including descriptive statements or error messages to understand what's happening
- To test hypotheses, you can also add test statements or functions
- Revisit your assumptions if unexpected behavior occurs.
- You MUST iterate and keep going until the problem is solved.

## 6. Testing

> - Run tests frequently using `make test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run tests frequently using `make test` and `make testacc`
```

We _really_ care about the acceptance tests, unit tests are kind of a coding tool.

- After each change, verify correctness by running relevant tests.
- If tests fail, analyze failures and revise your patch.
- Write additional tests if needed to capture important behaviors or edge cases.
- Ensure all tests pass before finalizing.

## 7. Final Verification
- Confirm the root cause is fixed.
- Review your solution for logic correctness and robustness.
- Iterate until you are extremely confident the fix is complete and all tests pass.

> - Run `make lint` to ensure any linting errors have not surfaced with your changes
> - Run `make fmt` before committing any changes to ensure proper code formatting, this will run gofmt on all Go files to maintain consistent style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `make lint` to ensure any linting errors have not surfaced with your changes. This task may automatically correct any linting errors, and regenerate documentation. Include any changes in your commit. 
```

`make fmt` is called by `make lint`.

## 8. Final Reflection and Additional Testing
- Reflect carefully on the original intent of the user and the problem statement.
- Think about potential edge cases or scenarios that may not be covered by existing tests.
- Write additional tests that would need to pass to fully validate the correctness of your solution.
- Run these new tests and ensure they all pass.

> - Be aware that there are additional hidden tests that must also pass for the solution to be successful.

Reviewer: Why are there hidden tests? Why can't we just say make sure `make testacc` and `make test` are successful?

Author: It forces it to further consider edge cases

This is a Go based repository hosting a Terrform provider for the elastic stack (elasticsearch and kibana) APIs.  This repo currently supports both [plugin framework](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework/getting-started/code-walkthrough) and [sdkv2](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2) resources. All new resources _must_ use the plugin framework. 

For further information, please see [README.md](../README.md) and the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) docs.

## Code Standards

### Required Before Each Commit
- Run `make fmt` before committing any changes to ensure proper code formatting, this will run gofmt on all Go files to maintain consistent style.
- Run `make lint` to ensure any linting errors have not surfaced with your changes

### Required Before Pull Request

> - Run `make gen` to update the documentation and code based on your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `make docs-generate` to update the documentation.
```

`make gen` is probably going to do things we don't want right now. Updating the Kibana client should be something we can support, but it's not there yet.

  • **kbapi/** - Kibana API client
  • **slo/** - SLO (Service Level Objective) API client
• **internal/** - Internal Go packages
  • **acctest/** - Acceptance test utilities
  • **clients/** - API client implementations
  • **elasticsearch/** - Elasticsearch-specific logic
  • **fleet/** - Fleet management functionality
  • **kibana/** - Kibana-specific logic
  • **models/** - Data models and structures
  • **schema/** - Connection schema definitions for plugin framework
  • **utils/** - Utility functions
  • **versionutils/** - Version handling utilities
• **libs/** - External libraries
  • **go-kibana-rest/** - Kibana REST API client library
• **provider/** - Core Terraform provider implementation
• **scripts/** - Utility scripts for development and CI
• **templates/** - Template files for documentation generation
  • **data-sources/** - Data source documentation templates
  • **resources/** - Resource documentation templates
  • **guides/** - Guide documentation templates
• **xpprovider/** - Additional provider functionality needed for Crossplane

## Key Guidelines
* Follow Go best practices and idiomatic patterns
* Maintain existing code structure and organization

> * Write unit tests for new functionality. Use table-driven unit tests when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write unit tests for new functionality. Use table-driven unit tests when possible.
* When creating a new Plugin Framework based resource, follow the code organisation of `internal/elasticsearch/security/system_user` 
```
